(These are the notes for the assignment, and extra things)
Social Studies Assignment
"Pieces of Me"
Culture Project

(Extra Info)
On the home page, the "notes" button has an error. For some reason it is not a full button.
The code was being weird, it shouldn't appear like this but apparently it does. The little piece of 
purple by the text is still a functional button.
If you are on this page, you will see there is no buttons to go back to the actual cultural elements.
Simply go back to the page by clicking the <- back arrow at the top left of your browser, right by the url.

(Why I did it)
I did this for my project to get more experience with HTML and css code.
It took way longer than making a poster, which admittedly would of been much easier.
Again, if you run into any problems with the site, like lack of readability please email me.
This paper was also to share what I think is important in our culure, and how it made me who I am today.
THANK YOU!

All cultural factors used:
Clothing
Food
Language
Pets
Hunting
Family 
Heritage
Responsibility
Hobbies
Routines


Index.html:
Introduce what the website is about, what it's striving for, etc.
Give basic details about what culture is, and tell the teacher where everything is located.

Stylesheet.css:
Center Everything
Get a royalty free backround
Make everything look nice

1st cultural element:
Clothing:
Each culture has different thoughts on what "fashion" is. 
They all want to look nice, and may not think what we think is nice, looks appealing.
We, as Americans, and Iowans change our idea of "fashion" everytime something new comes along.
Even within our culture, everyone has their own idea of "fashion".
Normally, Iowans and wear typical clothing.
Shirt, shoes, pants etc.
Many people wear sweatshirts, and some maybe a baseball cap.
Sunglasses are very popular in our culture, with brands like "pitviper" and others.
With clothing, it's really up to preference with the style.

2nd cultural element:
Food:
Our culture has many varities of food, from many different places. 
Pizza, french fries, and tacos are very popular foods in America/Iowa but they didn't even originate in this country.
Not many foods within our culture are actually from where we live, nor are the ingredients.
Corn, and beans are very widely grown in Iowa, so many foods are made from them.
Other recipes enter our country when people from different countries migrate, and show their recipes.
Our culture doesn't have many sacred recipes overall, but there are many recipes passed
 down by members of your family through the generations.

3rd Cultural Element:
 Language:
 There are over 7000 languages spoken today, English being the most prominantly used. Many countires have a national language.
 Our culture has many different people of different races, and speaking different languages.
 Some people may speak more than 1 language, or maybe more than 2. There is no limit.
 It's important to learn your language adequately, and know all of the usages of words.
 Knowing what your language is built upon, and where it orignated from will help you better understand your culture
 and your heritage.

 4th Cultural Element:
 Pets:
 Pets are very important in our culture, almost 1/3 of American households have pets.
 Pets are very good stress relievers, maybe you just had a long day and want to go home and sit down, and maybe your cats sit with you.
 Many people love pets, whether it be a hamster, a dog, a cat or something else.
 Most aren't hard to take care of, and will keep you company.

 5th Cultural Element:
 Hunting:
 Hunting is a very popular sport/hobby.
 Not everyone likes to hunt, and some think killing animals is wrong.
 The animals most often hunted are: deer, pheasants, elk  and more.
 Hunting animals isn't anything new though.
 People have been hunting animals for thousands of years.
 Some hunt for food, some hunt for a sport.
 But hunting is a big part of our culture.
 Many, many Iowans hunt. 
 It doesn't take being a bodybuilder, just knowing how to operate/use a gun, and where to shoot.

 6th Cultural Element:
 Family:
 Family is very important in our culture.
 Being kind, and caring for your family is also.
 Spending time with your family, and being caring is very important.
 Showing respect, and forgiveness is also.
 Not many people think about it, but families are essential in our culture.
 Whether it be adopted parents, friends, or even grandparents.

 7th Cultural Element:
 Heritage:
 Everyone has ancestors.
 Ancestors are people in your heritage.
 Learning about your heritage may help you learn about your roots.
 Heritage is important, it shows what your family came from, and what they used to do.
 Everyone has a heritage, but many don't know or understand theirs.
 Personally, I don't know much about mine, but I think it is important to know.

 8th Cultural Element:
 Responsibility:
 Responsibility is very important to me and our culture.
 If you aren't responsible, and lose your homework (which I have definetly never done) you will get a bad grade.
 If you aren't responsible with pets they die.
 If you aren't responsible with money, you will have none.
 Responsibility is very important, to me and to our culture.
 I try my best to be responsible, but not everyone is perfect.

 9th Cultural Element:
 Hobbies:
 Everyone has hobbies.
 Hobbies are what people like to do in their free time.
 Hobbies are a great thing, they can help with stress and make you happier overall.
 Some of *my* personal hobbies include:
 playing guitar
 soccer
 video games
 Hobbies are what make people not go insane, it's always good to have one.
 In our culture, hobbies are very important to everyone.
 If you walked up to *anyone* right now and asked if they have any hobbies, unless they don't want to say them I am 90% sure they will say yes.
 Of course, you might say "I dont have any".
 Even something as simple as baking is a hobby!
 
 Final Cultural Element:
 Routines:
 Everyone has routines.
 All around the world, in every culture.
 Adults, kids, and teenagers all the same have routines.
 Routines are very important, if you don't follow a routine you could be late to a lot of different things.
 If I didn't wake up at 6:30 every school day, and didn't set an alarm I would wake up and be late for school!
 Routines usually go something like this:
 Wake up
 Shower
 Brush Teeth
 Eat 
 Go to work/school
There is definetly variety and it changes by each person, but routines are what makes the world go round.


 
 